# Introduction

This is a placeholder for python scripts that are meant to automate pipelines of operations. 
Currently it includes:

1. `doPandoc` - utility to process Scrivener-based mmd documents into any output format that is supported by pandoc. Is building heavily on LaTeX sources, but that is not required; you can direct Scrivener to compile to docx as well.



## doPandoc
Pandoc is a very convenient text format transformation tool that can mediate between several in- and output formats for your documents. Refer to http://pandoc.org/ for its ever growing details. 
Git is a very convenient version control system, that can be effectively used for documents as well, especially when you develop multiple parts of it in parallel and have it reviewed in parallel as well (branching and merging).
Both tools have complicated command line options; doPandoc combines them and provide for several document scenarios with a relative simple command line environment. 

### Installation
This is a python script, hence provide for a python-3 environment to run this in a shell. Furthermore, it optionally supports git, hence make sure git is installed if you want to use it.

### Features
A combination of (i) processing your multimarkdown through pandoc to an output of choice; (ii) using git for version control; (iii) using git for branch control. (iii) implies (ii). 

### Operation
Operate this script from a shell:

1. Open a shell, `cd` to the folder that contains your Scrivener project (i.e., contains your `myProject.scriv` folder) and run\\
1. `python doPandoc.py` \\
or make your windows environment to understand the `.py` extension and run\\
1. `doPandoc`

Without any arguments, this command will return a default `usage: ...` instruction. For more information, run `doPandoc -h`.

Using this script requires a specific structure of the source folders:

* `templates` contains all the templates that your project can make use of for its visual appearance;
    * Place your document template here; either for latex (<myTemplate>.tex) or Word (<myTemplate>.docx). As opposed to the former, in case of a Word template, only the formatting of the document is used, not its contents.
	* Place your bibliography style sheet here (<myCSL>.csl). This is for LaTeX oriented use only.
    * The `templates/tex/latex` directory is where LaTeX support files go (see Fletcher Penney's [peg-multimarkdown-latex-support] (https://github.com/fletcher/peg-multimarkdown-latex-support) project for a superset of what's bundled).
* `src` contains all files that are to be included in your resulting report:
    * `bib` can be used to store your bibliography if you maintain an external one. This is LaTeX oriented, hence consider a `.bib` file.
    * `docs` will contain all the `mmd` (or other) documents that are compiled by Scrivener. Note that these will be generated by Scrivener - there is no reason for you to hassle around with files in this directory. You can, however, compile different parts of your Scrivener project into distinct source documents;
        * The `preamble.mmd` file contains metadata for LaTeX.
        * The `user.mmd` file, should you provide it, contains additional metadata for your purposes.
    * `images` should contain all your images that you want to include in your end result. In contradiction to the `docs` folder, here you need to actively copy your images to.
* `results` contains the result of the production process, if you have one. Since I am using `pandoc` to take care of the actual production process, it would compile its results (mostly `.pdf` files) here; again, this is a location where results are generated into, and, hence, there is no need for you to hassle around with files in this folder;
